让人学习牙齿知识的小游戏
学会诊断牙齿，并会教导正确的治疗方法


I. Tooth decay
II. Periodontal diseases
III. Recurrent aphthous ulcers (RAU)
IV. Dental abscess
V. Pericoronitis


常见口腔病症
I. 蛀牙
	四个阶段：白点，牙釉质侵蚀，牙本质侵蚀，牙髓/牙根尖侵蚀（脓肿）
	横切面 of 蛀牙
	治疗：
II. 牙周病
	宽松
	底下有污垢
	治疗：一般不可逆，只能阻止恶化
III. 复发性阿弗他溃疡（RAU）
	白点
	治疗：可以等自然好；如果太严重或者想加快速度：Topical gel，Topical steroid，Mouthwash
IV. 牙周脓肿
	有个包
	治疗：如果不严重可以吃抗生素；严重的话会进行手术排脓或去除部分感染组织
V. 冠周炎
	智齿处发炎
	治疗：拔出

要画的画：
口腔和所有牙齿
不同牙齿的外貌（切牙（门牙）、尖牙（虎牙）、前磨牙和磨牙）
四颗牙齿的横切面和各个阶段的蛀牙：（每次只显示一颗）
	门牙和虎牙有前二阶段
	两个磨牙有四个阶段

牙周病下的牙齿+污垢（一张就行）

口腔溃疡的白点（两个位置）

牙脓肿的包（两个位置）

智齿发炎（四个位置）





我们可以不画画，而是拿真实例子来让用户诊断，然后再给出正确答案
但这样会让innovation 降低吗？
但这样我们的深度就要体现在疾病的严重性判断上，而不是疾病的种类上。比如牙齿的蛀牙，我们可以让用户判断蛀牙的严重程度，然后给出正确答案
而且这样的话蛀牙的横切面会更加麻烦。所以我们先不加入横切面功能


0. Healthy teeth
	Healthy teeth and gums, no obvious dental problems, which means the person 
	takes good care of the teeth and gums. Brushing teeth twice a day, flossing, 
	and regular dental check-ups are the best ways to prevent dental problems.

I. Tooth decay
	Sometimes erosion on the surface of the tooth may be minimal, but the inside is already riddled with holes.
	There are multiple stages of tooth decay, generally judged by the depth of infection: to enamel, to dentin, to pulp
	In the early stages it can still be treated with simple methods, such as fillings. However, if the infection has spread to the pulp of the tooth, formal surgery is required to treat it. 
	May cause dental abscesses as well. 
II. Periodontal diseases
	Periodontal disease can be divided into multiple stages.
	Accumulation of stains is the main cause of periodontal disease.
	Severe periodontal disease may require surgery that extends to the bone to treat it.
	Periodontal disease is generally irreversible and therefore requires special attention.
III. Recurrent aphthous ulcers (RAU)
	Recurrent aphthous ulcers(RAU) sound serious, but in reality they are mouth ulcers that the average person also suffers from occasionally.
	The cause of RAU is not clear, but it is mostly linked to endocrine and nutritional factors.
	But it's not a problem to be underestimated. Severe RAU can be very painful.
	In addition, the early symptoms of oral cancer and dental abscesses are somewhat similar to RAUs, so don't take them lightly!
	Early RAUs can heal on their own, but there are also creams that can be used to speed up the healing process.

IV. Dental abscess
	A dental abscess is formed by pus that accumulates from a bacterial infection in the tissue
	There are many causes, such as severe tooth decay
	If the abscess is visible to the naked eye, it is advisable to consult a doctor immediately.
	The first symptoms of a dental abscess are sometimes similar to those of RAU and oral cancer.
V. Pericoronitis
	Pericoronitis is an inflammation of the soft tissues surrounding the crown of the tooth
	In fact, all teeth can develop pericoronitis, but it is common in wisdom teeth
	The essence is similar to tooth decay in that it is an infection caused by leftover food debris. Therefore, when tooth decay occurs around a wisdom tooth, you need to watch out for pericoronitis.
	The best way to prevent this, besides brushing your teeth regularly, is to remove your wisdom teeth.
	This can be treated with antibiotics, but if the condition is serious, surgery may be needed to remove the infected tissue.

*/

